test list: [2, 4, 4, 7, 10, 10, 11, 20, 25]
test q=1 expected=False actual=False
test q=2 expected=True actual=True
test q=3 expected=False actual=False
test q=4 expected=True actual=True
test q=5 expected=False actual=False
test q=6 expected=False actual=False
test q=7 expected=True actual=True
test q=8 expected=False actual=False
test q=9 expected=False actual=False
test q=10 expected=True actual=True
test q=11 expected=True actual=True
test q=12 expected=False actual=False
test q=13 expected=False actual=False
test q=14 expected=False actual=False
test q=15 expected=False actual=False
test q=16 expected=False actual=False
test q=17 expected=False actual=False
test q=18 expected=False actual=False
test q=19 expected=False actual=False
test q=20 expected=True actual=True
test q=21 expected=False actual=False
test q=22 expected=False actual=False
test q=23 expected=False actual=False
test q=24 expected=False actual=False
test q=25 expected=True actual=True
test q=26 expected=False actual=False
