testing your script with -12: negative
testing your script with -11: negative
testing your script with -10: negative
testing your script with -9: negative
testing your script with -8: negative
testing your script with -7: negative
testing your script with -6: negative
testing your script with -5: negative
testing your script with -4: negative
testing your script with -3: negative
testing your script with -2: negative
testing your script with -1: negative
testing your script with 1: positive
testing your script with 2: positive
testing your script with 3: positive
testing your script with 4: positive
testing your script with 5: positive
testing your script with 6: positive
testing your script with 7: positive
testing your script with 8: positive
testing your script with 9: positive
testing your script with 10: positive
testing your script with 11: positive
testing your script with 12: positive
