A painting discovered on the wall of an Indonesian cave has been found to
be 44,000 years old.

The art appears to show a buffalo being hunted by part-human, part-animal
creatures holding spears and possibly ropes.

The findings were presented in the journal Nature by archaeologists from
Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia.

Adam Brumm - an archaeologist at Griffith - first saw the pictures two
years ago, after a colleague in Indonesia shimmied up a fig tree to reach
the cave passage.

"These images appeared on my iPhone," said Mr Brumm. "I think I said the
characteristic Australian four-letter word out very loud."

The Indonesian drawing is not the oldest in the world. Last year,
scientists said they found "humanity's oldest drawing" on a fragment of
rock in South Africa, dated at 73,000 years old.

The drawings were found in a cave called Leang Bulu'Sipong 4 in the south
of Sulawesi, an Indonesian island east of Borneo.

The panel is almost five metres wide and appears to show a type of buffalo
called an anoa, plus wild pigs found on Sulawesi.

Alongside them are smaller figures that look human - but also have animal
features such as tails and snouts.

In one section, an anoa is flanked by several figures holding spears.
A painting discovered on the wall of an Indonesian cave has been found to
be 44,000 years old.

The art appears to show a buffalo being hunted by part-human, part-animal
creatures holding spears and possibly ropes.

Some researchers think the scene could be the world's oldest-recorded
story.

The findings were presented in the journal Nature by archaeologists from
Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia.

Adam Brumm - an archaeologist at Griffith - first saw the pictures two
years ago, after a colleague in Indonesia shimmied up a fig tree to reach
the cave passage.

"These images appeared on my iPhone," said Mr Brumm. "I think I said the
characteristic Australian four-letter word out very loud."

The Indonesian drawing is not the oldest in the world. Last year,
scientists said they found "humanity's oldest drawing" on a fragment of
rock in South Africa, dated at 73,000 years old.

The drawings were found in a cave called Leang Bulu'Sipong 4 in the south
of Sulawesi, an Indonesian island east of Borneo.

The panel is almost five metres wide and appears to show a type of buffalo
called an anoa, plus wild pigs found on Sulawesi.

Alongside them are smaller figures that look human - but also have animal
features such as tails and snouts.

In one section, an anoa is flanked by several figures holding spears.
A painting discovered on the wall of an Indonesian cave has been found to
be 44,000 years old.

The art appears to show a buffalo being hunted by part-human, part-animal
creatures holding spears and possibly ropes.

Some researchers think the scene could be the world's oldest-recorded
story.

The findings were presented in the journal Nature by archaeologists from
Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia.

Adam Brumm - an archaeologist at Griffith - first saw the pictures two
years ago, after a colleague in Indonesia shimmied up a fig tree to reach
the cave passage.

"These images appeared on my iPhone," said Mr Brumm. "I think I said the
characteristic Australian four-letter word out very loud."

The Indonesian drawing is not the oldest in the world. Last year,
scientists said they found "humanity's oldest drawing" on a fragment of
rock in South Africa, dated at 73,000 years old.

The drawings were found in a cave called Leang Bulu'Sipong 4 in the south
of Sulawesi, an Indonesian island east of Borneo.

The panel is almost five metres wide and appears to show a type of buffalo
called an anoa, plus wild pigs found on Sulawesi.

Alongside them are smaller figures that look human - but also have animal
features such as tails and snouts.

In one section, an anoa is flanked by several figures holding spears.
A painting discovered on the wall of an Indonesian cave has been found to
be 44,000 years old.

The art appears to show a buffalo being hunted by part-human, part-animal
creatures holding spears and possibly ropes.

Some researchers think the scene could be the world's oldest-recorded
story.

The findings were presented in the journal Nature by archaeologists from
Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia.

Adam Brumm - an archaeologist at Griffith - first saw the pictures two
years ago, after a colleague in Indonesia shimmied up a fig tree to reach
the cave passage.

"These images appeared on my iPhone," said Mr Brumm. "I think I said the
characteristic Australian four-letter word out very loud."

The Indonesian drawing is not the oldest in the world. Last year,
scientists said they found "humanity's oldest drawing" on a fragment of
rock in South Africa, dated at 73,000 years old.

The drawings were found in a cave called Leang Bulu'Sipong 4 in the south
of Sulawesi, an Indonesian island east of Borneo.

The panel is almost five metres wide and appears to show a type of buffalo
called an anoa, plus wild pigs found on Sulawesi.

Alongside them are smaller figures that look human - but also have animal
features such as tails and snouts.

In one section, an anoa is flanked by several figures holding spears.
A painting discovered on the wall of an Indonesian cave has been found to
be 44,000 years old.

The art appears to show a buffalo being hunted by part-human, part-animal
creatures holding spears and possibly ropes.

Some researchers think the scene could be the world's oldest-recorded
story.

The findings were presented in the journal Nature by archaeologists from
Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia.

Adam Brumm - an archaeologist at Griffith - first saw the pictures two
years ago, after a colleague in Indonesia shimmied up a fig tree to reach
the cave passage.

"These images appeared on my iPhone," said Mr Brumm. "I think I said the
characteristic Australian four-letter word out very loud."

The Indonesian drawing is not the oldest in the world. Last year,
scientists said they found "humanity's oldest drawing" on a fragment of
rock in South Africa, dated at 73,000 years old.

The drawings were found in a cave called Leang Bulu'Sipong 4 in the south
of Sulawesi, an Indonesian island east of Borneo.

The panel is almost five metres wide and appears to show a type of buffalo
called an anoa, plus wild pigs found on Sulawesi.

Alongside them are smaller figures that look human - but also have animal
features such as tails and snouts.

In one section, an anoa is flanked by several figures holding spears.
A painting discovered on the wall of an Indonesian cave has been found to
be 44,000 years old.

The art appears to show a buffalo being hunted by part-human, part-animal
creatures holding spears and possibly ropes.

Some researchers think the scene could be the world's oldest-recorded
story.

The findings were presented in the journal Nature by archaeologists from
Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia.

Adam Brumm - an archaeologist at Griffith - first saw the pictures two
years ago, after a colleague in Indonesia shimmied up a fig tree to reach
the cave passage.

"These images appeared on my iPhone," said Mr Brumm. "I think I said the
characteristic Australian four-letter word out very loud."

The Indonesian drawing is not the oldest in the world. Last year,
scientists said they found "humanity's oldest drawing" on a fragment of
rock in South Africa, dated at 73,000 years old.

The drawings were found in a cave called Leang Bulu'Sipong 4 in the south
of Sulawesi, an Indonesian island east of Borneo.

The panel is almost five metres wide and appears to show a type of buffalo
called an anoa, plus wild pigs found on Sulawesi.

Alongside them are smaller figures that look human - but also have animal
features such as tails and snouts.

In one section, an anoa is flanked by several figures holding spears.
A painting discovered on the wall of an Indonesian cave has been found to
be 44,000 years old.

The art appears to show a buffalo being hunted by part-human, part-animal
creatures holding spears and possibly ropes.

Some researchers think the scene could be the world's oldest-recorded
story.

The findings were presented in the journal Nature by archaeologists from
Griffith University in Brisbane, Australia.

Adam Brumm - an archaeologist at Griffith - first saw the pictures two
years ago, after a colleague in Indonesia shimmied up a fig tree to reach
the cave passage.

"These images appeared on my iPhone," said Mr Brumm. "I think I said the
characteristic Australian four-letter word out very loud."

The Indonesian drawing is not the oldest in the world. Last year,
scientists said they found "humanity's oldest drawing" on a fragment of
rock in South Africa, dated at 73,000 years old.

The drawings were found in a cave called Leang Bulu'Sipong 4 in the south
of Sulawesi, an Indonesian island east of Borneo.

The panel is almost five metres wide and appears to show a type of buffalo
called an anoa, plus wild pigs found on Sulawesi.

Alongside them are smaller figures that look human - but also have animal
features such as tails and snouts.

In one section, an anoa is flanked by several figures holding spears.
A
